README.md, before:


# Alex's Tools

The following are tools and settings that I like to have on all my Linux
systems so I decided to create a debian package since that way I can
install the whole thing at once.

## atype

The `atype` tool is used to type the content of a file in hexadecimal and
in ASCII.

The tool can also be used to transform a binary file in a C/C++ table.

## cleanrc

If you deal with files from MS-Windows or MacOS, you may end up with
files that end with `\r\n` or `\r` characters instead of the `\n` as
expected on Linux.

This tool will force the all end of line characters to the `\n` character.

## hex

The `hex` tool is used to convert integers and characters to numbers in
hexadecimal, octal, decimal and also prints out the number as UTF-8
which is used often now a day.

## poke

The `poke` tool needs a lot of help to really become useful. Especially,
we would need to be able to insert and delete bytes. Right now, you can
only write a byte at the specified offset.

That being said, I have had the need to write a specific value at a
specific offset in order to fix various files. This is useful for such
situation when you want to just write a shell script to poke values.

## concat

I needed to concatenate lines of a text file in a single long line.
I used these script for that purpose. I like to keep them, just in
case. I will add more as I create new scripts. Specifically, I have
some in my ~/bin folder which I need to install on many of my
systems and that would be useful.


-- vim: ts=4 sw=4 et

Commit message:

Added VIM extensions.
I have some vim syntax files that I like to have installed. Now I place
them in the correct location (according to some docs) but they are not
being read. So there is still some work to be done here.

I also fixed the installation by creating a separate package for GUI based
dependencies and tools (i.e. I do not want my code to force the installation
of ubuntu-desktop or gnome). I tweaked the corresponding .install files to
properly install what is necessary for each package.

I changed stragegy to install user files. i.e. I use cp with --no-clobber
instead of testing ahead whether the file exists.

I also install the .vimrc file in the skeleton and force install the first
time so I get the file in my home directory (and root too).

I added an mk script because I'm so used to using such...
I'll probably add more info here as time passes.

README.md, after:


# Alex's Tools

The following are tools and settings that I like to have on all my Linux
systems so I decided to create a debian package since that way I can
install the whole thing at once.

## atype

The `atype` tool is used to type the content of a file in hexadecimal and
in ASCII.

The tool can also be used to transform a binary file in a C/C++ table.

## cleanrc

If you deal with files from MS-Windows or MacOS, you may end up with
files that end with `\r\n` or `\r` characters instead of the `\n` as
expected on Linux.

This tool will force the all end of line characters to the `\n` character.

## hex

The `hex` tool is used to convert integers and characters to numbers in
hexadecimal, octal, decimal and also prints out the number as UTF-8
which is used often now a day.

## poke

The `poke` tool needs a lot of help to really become useful. Especially,
we would need to be able to insert and delete bytes. Right now, you can
only write a byte at the specified offset.

That being said, I have had the need to write a specific value at a
specific offset in order to fix various files. This is useful for such
situation when you want to just write a shell script to poke values.

## concat

I needed to concatenate lines of a text file in a single long line.
I used these script for that purpose. I like to keep them, just in
case. I will add more as I create new scripts. Specifically, I have
some in my ~/bin folder which I need to install on many of my
systems and that would be useful.

# VIM Syntax Extensions

At this time, I install those in the skeleton and I have a `.vimrc`
file. However, I am thinking that this is not what one wants in the
end. There are ways to make this work properly, it just needs a little
more work.

1. put the vimrc functionality for syntax detection under a plugin
   (see `/usr/share/vim/addons/plugins/...`)
2. put the syntax files under `/usr/share/vim/addons/syntax/...` with
   a name specific to my plugin (i.e. alex-tools-<name>.vim)
3. verify that the order works as expected, my `cpp.vim` extension, for
   example, must be the one loaded for C++ files since it extends the
   default `cpp.vim`; that works in my `.vimrc` file, it's TBD in a plugin

Some additional info:
https://vi.stackexchange.com/questions/17185


-- vim: ts=4 sw=4 et
